feat(announcement): add first Barcelona announcement (#81)
RustFestEU/blog.rustfest.eu: _posts/2019-07-12-barcelona-announcement.md

This year, the conference format will change and instead of a first day of talks and a second day of workshops we're going to try to split the days into talks in the morning and workshops in the afternoon.

We took into account the feedback we received from previous editions and we believe this can work well for most of you. Indeed, this will allow us to have more talks and workshops and reduce the intensity of a monothematic format day.

## Venue

Rustfest Barcelona 2019 is going to be hold in the [Vèrtex building at Campus Nord](https://www.upc.edu/campusnord/ca/espais/auditori) belonging to [UPC - Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya](https://www.upc.edu/en).

![Vèrtex Auditorium](/assets/posts/barcelona-vx_auditori.jpg)

We'll be using the two level **Vèrtex auditorium** with capacity for 477 people and access for people with reduced mobility at any of the two levels which we think will make a great venue for the amazing talks we'll be hosting this year. ;D

The workshops and the *Impl Days** will take place in some of the [university's classrooms](https://www.upc.edu/campusnord/ca/espais/aules-vertex) which are fully equiped to host workshops of almost any kind.

> We will have also available a chilling area for resting between sessions.

Reviewer: By "chilling area", are you talking about the quiet room or merely a chilling area? Those two should be distinguished, in case.

Author: This I'm not sure as I don't know the venue. Hopefully on Monday I will. @ferranrego maybe you can clarify this?

Reviewer: Yes, that would be good to find out before you mention it :) 
The quiet room should have a different function than merely a chilling area.
Please read here: https://adacamp.org/adacamp-toolkit/quiet-room/
On another note, it might be good to mention free childcare service here, too!

Author: Sure! Let's confirm this with @ferranrego before saying anything.

Reviewer 2: By chilling area I meant that it was like a little garden in the inside, where there's some places to sit.
At least the times I went to that venue, the organizers made it like that!

Author: I will mention childcare and quiet space, too. I think @ferranrego is not working today.

Author: @RafaelaWetzel if you are ok with this you can resolve it.

Reviewer: I'm not that familiar with GitHub yet, what does it imply to "resolve it"?

Reviewer 3: Just hides the conversation and makes it clear that it's not an issue anymore

> The venue is wheelchair accessible over the lateral street and can be reached easily by public transport. The best options, if you come from Sants Estació, are the [Av. Pedralbes - Cavallers bus station](https://goo.gl/maps/QeNjywZ749Njur8S8) and the [Av d’Esplugues - Av Pearson bus station](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Sants%2BEstaci%25C3%25B3,%2BBarcelona/Av%2Bd%27Esplugues%2B-%2BAv%2BPearson,%2B08034%2BBarcelona/@41.386477,2.1192745,15z/data%3D!4m15!4m14!1m5!1m1!1s0x12a4987e1c029355:0xb19606f1fb16429e!2m2!1d2.1409712!2d41.3816151!1m5!1m1!1s0x12a4984e1e97de21:0x992b87b41d670e10!2m2!1d2.111625!2d41.3921394!3e3!5i3!5m1!1e2&sa=D&ust=1562873148055000&usg=AFQjCNE1co3JRi_anes-tAbTSK8FFGFX4g); also there’s a subway option to [Palau Reial station](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://goo.gl/maps/4u1dJbpRUHRrrmxE8&sa=D&ust=1562873148056000&usg=AFQjCNHwY0Vd1hK9hNsxd68fmNxsLdHs1A) if you want a quicker route that will require some walk.

Reviewer: This might be a useful resource that people want to look up, maybe you can link it in the blog post:
https://www.barcelona-tourist-guide.com/en/transport/disabled/access-barcelona-disabled.html

Author: done!

> Anyway, don't worry, we will update our website soon with plenty of information on this regard, so stay tunned! ;P

Reviewer: Small typo, it should say "tuned". :)

Author: Done!

## Catering

We will provide breakfast, coffee, drinks and lunch the first two conference days so you don't have to worry about looking for a restaurant.

We'll also have vegan and vegetarian options and, if you have other dietary needs, please just contact us and we'll be happy to help you.

For the *Impl Days*, it will be up to you to decide where to eat. But don't worry, we'll gather information about some good restaurants in the area and we will fill our website with it so you can experience the best of our great gastronomy.

## Ticket information

Two days of talks and workshops, two more days of open space and hacking, breakfast, coffee, drinks and meals... wait, this surely must be very expensive!

Nope! We have managed to get a reasonable ticket price thanks to the [UPC](https://www.upc.edu/en) venue and our sponsors!

The price for the tickets will be:

- 50€ student ticket,
- 100€ standard ticket,

> - 200€ supporter ticket.

Reviewer 4: Weren't we talking about an additional corporate ticket?

Author: I wasn't sure of the naming. In previous meetings I remember @flaki mentioned to call it supporter instead of corporate but maybe we can explain a little bit what this supporter terminology means.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, let's wait for flaki to fill this in

Author: It's also not clear to me how `student tickets` vs `scolarship programme` works. Maybe more people find it confusing.

Reviewer 5: At some point we wanted to call them supported, community and regular, would that make it more clear with the other tickets?

Reviewer 3: Let Flaki fill in that part.

Reviewer 6: I'll fix these up tonight, but FYI:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2089432/61216835-a28c5f80-a70e-11e9-8f37-fc4104c376f7.png)

> If you are a student or you belong to an underrepresented community, there will be a scholarship programme where you can apply for free tickets, too.

Reviewer: free tickets, travel & accomodation

Author: Done!

> So, basically, money shouldn’t be an excuse not to come! ;)

Reviewer: a more sensitive phrasing could be: "money hopefully won't be a reason not to come"

Author: Done!

## Free RustBridge workshop

As usual, we'll also be hosting at least one [RustBridge workshop](https://rustbridge.com/) (probably two :P) so if you want to learn Rust, join the community and you belong to underrepresented communities and probably have a background in another programming language this is the perfect workshop for you. That being said, note that this is an open workshop for beginners and everybody is welcome to attend.

## Call for papers

> Stay tunned for more information on this regard in the coming weeks! We're looking forward to reading your amazing proposals for this Barcelona edition!

Reviewer: tuned

Author: Done!

## Save the date!

We have finally a date for this year's edition!

Rustfest 2019 will start on **November 9th** (Saturday) and will end on **November 12th** (Tuesday).

As usual, this edition will have two first days full of talks and workshops and two additional days (*aka Impl Days*) where you will be able to get together with other rustaceans, meet in smaller groups and work on your own community projects.

## Mixing things a little bit

Although we are keeping the same length in terms of days we have decided to change things a little bit and try something different.

This year, the conference format will change and instead of a first day of talks and a second day of workshops we're going to try to split the days into talks in the morning and workshops in the afternoon.

We took into account the feedback we received from previous editions and we believe this can work well for most of you. Indeed, this will allow us to have more talks and workshops and reduce the intensity of a monothematic format day.

## Venue

> Rustfest Barcelona 2019 is going to be hold in the [Vèrtex building at Campus Nord](https://www.upc.edu/campusnord/ca/espais/auditori) belonging to [UPC - Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya](https://www.upc.edu/en).

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Rustfest Barcelona 2019 is going to be held in the [Vèrtex building at Campus Nord](https://www.upc.edu/campusnord/ca/espais/auditori) belonging to [UPC - Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya](https://www.upc.edu/en).
```

![Vèrtex Auditorium](/assets/posts/barcelona-vx_auditori.jpg)

We'll be using the two level **Vèrtex auditorium** with capacity for 477 people and access for people with reduced mobility at any of the two levels which we think will make a great venue for the amazing talks we'll be hosting this year. ;D

> The workshops and the *Impl Days** will take place in some of the [university's classrooms](https://www.upc.edu/campusnord/ca/espais/aules-vertex) which are fully equiped to host workshops of almost any kind.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
The workshops and the *Impl Days** will take place in some of the [university's classrooms](https://www.upc.edu/campusnord/ca/espais/aules-vertex) which are fully equipped to host workshops of almost any kind.
```

> The workshops and the *Impl Days** will take place in some of the [university's classrooms](https://www.upc.edu/campusnord/ca/espais/aules-vertex) which are fully equiped to host workshops of almost any kind.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The workshops and the **Impl Days** will take place in some of the [university's classrooms](https://www.upc.edu/campusnord/ca/espais/aules-vertex) which are fully equiped to host workshops of almost any kind.
```

The best options to get there, if you come from Sants Estació, are the [Av. Pedralbes - Cavallers bus station](https://goo.gl/maps/QeNjywZ749Njur8S8) and the [Av d’Esplugues - Av Pearson bus station](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Sants%2BEstaci%25C3%25B3,%2BBarcelona/Av%2Bd%27Esplugues%2B-%2BAv%2BPearson,%2B08034%2BBarcelona/@41.386477,2.1192745,15z/data%3D!4m15!4m14!1m5!1m1!1s0x12a4987e1c029355:0xb19606f1fb16429e!2m2!1d2.1409712!2d41.3816151!1m5!1m1!1s0x12a4984e1e97de21:0x992b87b41d670e10!2m2!1d2.111625!2d41.3921394!3e3!5i3!5m1!1e2&sa=D&ust=1562873148055000&usg=AFQjCNE1co3JRi_anes-tAbTSK8FFGFX4g); also there’s a subway option to [Palau Reial station](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://goo.gl/maps/4u1dJbpRUHRrrmxE8&sa=D&ust=1562873148056000&usg=AFQjCNHwY0Vd1hK9hNsxd68fmNxsLdHs1A) if you want a quicker route that will require some walk.

Anyway, don't worry, we will update our website soon with plenty of information on this regard, so stay tuned! ;P

## Catering

We will provide breakfast, coffee, drinks and lunch the first two conference days so you don't have to worry about looking for a restaurant.

> We'll also have vegan and vegetarian options and, if you have other dietary needs, please just contact us and we'll be happy to help you.

Reviewer 7: just a suggestion from previous editions: IIRC dietary restrictions can be easily communicated when buying the ticket, we had a free form field for that - they will automatically appear when exporting the attendees spreadsheet

Author: Are you implying that we should be explicit about this form?

Reviewer 3: We will ask during the ticket buy process about dietary needs, no need to contact us further.
Maybe we can leave this out here for now (I'm failing to come up with a better phrasing around "We will try to cater to all sorts of dietary requirements")

Author: So, what should we do, leave it out or rephrase it?

Reviewer 7: I'd simply remove the whole "let us know your dietary requirements". E.g.:
```
We will provide breakfast, coffee, drinks and lunch (vegan and vegetarian options) for the first two conference days so you don't have to worry about looking for a restaurant.
```

(No worries about being ultra-specific here on the topic)

Author: It sounds good to me. @badboy?

Reviewer 3: Sounds good

The venue is wheelchair accessible over the lateral street and can be reached easily by public transport. For more information about accesss for people with a disability in Barcelona you can take a look at [this link](https://www.barcelona-tourist-guide.com/en/transport/disabled/access-barcelona-disabled.html).

The best options to get there, if you come from Sants Estació, are the [Av. Pedralbes - Cavallers bus station](https://goo.gl/maps/QeNjywZ749Njur8S8) and the [Av d’Esplugues - Av Pearson bus station](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Sants%2BEstaci%25C3%25B3,%2BBarcelona/Av%2Bd%27Esplugues%2B-%2BAv%2BPearson,%2B08034%2BBarcelona/@41.386477,2.1192745,15z/data%3D!4m15!4m14!1m5!1m1!1s0x12a4987e1c029355:0xb19606f1fb16429e!2m2!1d2.1409712!2d41.3816151!1m5!1m1!1s0x12a4984e1e97de21:0x992b87b41d670e10!2m2!1d2.111625!2d41.3921394!3e3!5i3!5m1!1e2&sa=D&ust=1562873148055000&usg=AFQjCNE1co3JRi_anes-tAbTSK8FFGFX4g); also there’s a subway option to [Palau Reial station](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://goo.gl/maps/4u1dJbpRUHRrrmxE8&sa=D&ust=1562873148056000&usg=AFQjCNHwY0Vd1hK9hNsxd68fmNxsLdHs1A) if you want a quicker route that will require some walk.

> Anyway, don't worry, we will update our website soon with plenty of information on this regard, so stay tuned! ;P

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will update our website soon with more information.
```

Reviewer 3: IMO the smiley there looks weird.

## Catering

We will provide breakfast, coffee, drinks and lunch the first two conference days so you don't have to worry about looking for a restaurant.

We'll also have vegan and vegetarian options and, if you have other dietary needs, please just contact us and we'll be happy to help you.

> For the *Impl Days*, it will be up to you to decide where to eat. But don't worry, we'll gather information about some good restaurants in the area and we will fill our website with it so you can experience the best of our great gastronomy.

Reviewer 3: I would leave out the "don't worry".
```suggestion
For the *Impl Days*, it will be up to you to decide where to eat. We'll gather information about some good restaurants in the area and provide a list of options on our website, so you can experience the best of Barcelona's great gastronomy.
```

## Ticket information

Two days of talks and workshops, two more days of open space and hacking, breakfast, coffee, drinks and meals... wait, this surely must be very expensive!

Nope! We have managed to get a reasonable ticket price thanks to the [UPC](https://www.upc.edu/en) venue and our sponsors!

The price for the tickets will be:

- 50€ student ticket,
- 100€ standard ticket,
- 200€ supporter ticket.

If you are a student or you belong to an underrepresented community, there will be a scholarship programme where you can apply for free tickets, travel and accomodation, too.

> So, basically, money hopefully won't be a reason not to come! ;)

Reviewer 3: Yeah, let's leave this out.

Author: ln 70 I suppose?

Reviewer 3: Ah yes, the "money hopefully ..." line

## Free RustBridge workshop

> As usual, we'll also be hosting at least one [RustBridge workshop](https://rustbridge.com/) (probably two :P) so if you want to learn Rust, join the community and you belong to underrepresented communities and probably have a background in another programming language this is the perfect workshop for you. That being said, note that this is an open workshop for beginners and everybody is welcome to attend.

Reviewer 3: We need to talk to the RustBridge folks. I expect it to be the usual workshop spread across 2 days.

I think simplifying this and citing their self-description is better here:
```suggestion
As usual, we'll also be hosting a [RustBridge workshop](https://rustbridge.com/).
RustBridge is a workshop focused on getting underrepresented people with a background in another programming language to learn Rust and join the community.
```
